# Licenses

## Troop 61 Library Docs Project


MIT License

Copyright (c) 2020  BSA Troop 4061 - Wooster, Ohio

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE
SOFTWARE.

---

## Troop 61 Library Catalog / Administration Project

MIT License

Copyright (c) 2020  BSA Troop 4061 - Wooster, Ohio

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE
SOFTWARE.

---

## Troop 61 Library Docs Theme

Themes used under license from Martin Donath.

Material for MKDocs Theme - [View License](https://github.com/squidfunk/mkdocs-material/blob/master/LICENSE)

---

## Troop 61 Library Administration Theme

Themes used under license from  Start Bootstrap projects.

Start Bootstrap SB Admin 2 Theme - [View License](https://github.com/StartBootstrap/startbootstrap-sb-admin-2/blob/master/LICENSE)

---

## Troop 61 Library Administration Theme

Themes used under license from Bootstrap Studio.

Bootstrap Studio Clean Sky Theme - [View License](https://github.com/bootstrapstudio/clean-sky-template/blob/master/LICENSE)

---

## MkDocs

MkDocs builder used under license from the MkDocs projects.

MkDocs - [View License](https://github.com/mkdocs/mkdocs/blob/master/LICENSE)
